How Amazon Collects Your Personal Information : In addition to the information you may provide us, we also collect information automatically to improve your Amazon experience. This automatic collection happens, for example, when you interact with our website, our products, and services. There are common ways in which Amazon collects your information: Through information you give us Through automatic information Through information from other sources You can find more details about how we collect your personal information and some examples of information collected in our Privacy Notice.
How Amazon Protects Your Personal Information: We design all of our systems and devices with your privacy in mind. We've invested heavily in ensuring the security of your personal information across our business. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards for the collection, storage, and disclosure of personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may ask you to verify your identity before we disclose personal information to you. You can find more details in our Privacy Notice. Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we never sell individual customer data. We may share your personal information with third parties. We
How Amazon Protects Your Personal Information: We may share your personal information with third parties. We only share the information to provide you with services or comply with applicable laws. You can find examples in our Privacy Notice.
Measures You Can Take To Ensure The Protection Of Your Account: We recommend that you implement simple measures to ensure your protection against unauthorized access to your password, your computers, devices, and applications, such as: Using a unique password for your Amazon account that isn't used for other online accounts. Signing out when you finish using a shared computer. Read our instructions on how to Sign out of Your Amazon Account on the Amazon Website. Learn more information on how to operate safely online.
How Amazon Uses Your Personal Information: We use your personal information to deliver and communicate with you about your purchases of products and services. Additionally, we use your information to improve and personalize your Amazon experience, and comply with legal obligations, among others. We use cookies and other identifiers to enable our systems to recognize your browser or device. We use these identifiers to be able to provide our services to you. You can find more information in our Cookies Notice. We also use personal information to display interest-based ads for features, products, and services that might interest you. You can learn more in our Interest-Based
How Amazon Uses Your Personal Information: might interest you. You can learn more in our Interest-Based Ads notice. You can find a detailed list of the ways we use your personal information in our Privacy Notice. For more information on how Amazon safeguards your data, visit our How Amazon Protects Your Personal Information.
How to request your personal information: To submit your data request: Go to Request your data. Sign in to your Amazon account. Note that signing in is required for security reasons. Select the information that you want to receive. Select Submit Request. Select the validation link in the confirmation email sent to your account. Download your data using the secure link sent to your email address when ready.
About Personal Information Use Across Amazon Services: Starting 6 March 2024 EU law requires your consent for use of your personal information across the Amazon services. If you agree: we will use your personal information between our Store and other Amazon services to improve your Amazon experience, including by making better recommendations across these services; we will also use your personal information from any of these Amazon services to personalize the ads we show you on any of the other services. If you decline or revoke your consent, your experience across Amazon services may be less relevant. We will still use your personal information to provide the
About Personal Information Use Across Amazon Services: We will still use your personal information to provide the Amazon products and services that you may request from us. For example, you can still use your Amazon account for: placing an order for an Echo or Fire TV device on our Stores; asking Alexa to place an Amazon order on the Stores for you; playing an Amazon Music title that you purchased from the Stores. We will also use your personal information between the Stores and other Amazon services for certain purposes, for example to comply with our legal obligations (such as when you request your data from us),
About Personal Information Use Across Amazon Services: obligations (such as when you request your data from us), for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, and for preventing fraud/ensuring security.
Transfer your Amazon data to Third Parties and Sellers on the Amazon Marketplace : Under EU law, you have different data portability rights, which allow you to transfer your data from Amazon. You can exercise these rights by using the tools described on this page. The tools enable you to choose what data, how much of it, and how often you’d like to transfer it. Potential risks and consequences Transferring your data to third parties who you don't know can result in the misuse of your data. To avoid misuse, we recommend only transferring your data to third parties that you trust after reading the Privacy Notices and policies available on their websites and
Transfer your Amazon data to Third Parties and Sellers on the Amazon Marketplace : the Privacy Notices and policies available on their websites and applications, and understanding their data security practices. After you've transferred your data to a third party, Amazon will no longer have control or legal responsibility over how it might be handled. It's possible that the third party may alter, further transfer, trade, or sell your data. Transfer Data Directly You can transfer data directly to third parties who have integrated with our Application Programming Interface (API) for this purpose. You’ll know which third parties you can do this with if there's a button on their website or application inviting you
Transfer your Amazon data to Third Parties and Sellers on the Amazon Marketplace : there's a button on their website or application inviting you to share your Amazon data with them. Selecting that button will direct you to a secure Amazon login page. After logging in, you can select from several options of data types you’d like to transfer. Depending on how much data you’d like to transfer, you can also select different date ranges. You can transfer your data once or allow the third party to request transfers continuously over a chosen time span. After authorizing the third party to receive your data, you can change your transfer preferences or stop transferring at
Transfer your Amazon data to Third Parties and Sellers on the Amazon Marketplace : you can change your transfer preferences or stop transferring at any time. To do that, visit the Manage Apps & Services with Data Access page in Your Account. You won’t be able to recover any data you have already transferred, though. Download Your Data Alternatively, you can visit the Transfer your data page. From there, you can request a downloadable copy of the data you provided to the Amazon Store or Advertising services. This copy also includes data generated from the interactions with these services. You can also request a transferable copy of information collected from your Amazon devices. Under
Transfer your Amazon data to Third Parties and Sellers on the Amazon Marketplace : transferable copy of information collected from your Amazon devices. Under Request your data, you can request a comprehensive copy of your personal Amazon data, which will include a larger amount of data than the other options. We recommend carefully selecting what data, if any, you'd like to share with third parties. We also recommend to only do so with third parties that you know and trust. Authorize Amazon to Share Data with Sellers on the Marketplace You may wish to share your data with third-party sellers on the Amazon Marketplace where you have made a purchase. Once you authorize, sellers
Transfer your Amazon data to Third Parties and Sellers on the Amazon Marketplace : where you have made a purchase. Once you authorize, sellers will be given access to download your personal information. This personal information includes your name, email, default shipping address, information about your viewing habits related to products they sell, and how much money you have spent purchasing products from them. To share this data with sellers, you can go to Seller data sharing preferences. We enable you to identify Sellers with which you’ve made a purchase easily by linking to your most recent order. There we allow you to choose for how long the seller has access to your data.
Transfer your Amazon data to Third Parties and Sellers on the Amazon Marketplace : for how long the seller has access to your data. On this same page, you're also able to stop sharing your data with sellers at any time.
General: About Our Returns Policies Amazon, as well as Marketplace Sellers on Amazon.de, offer returns for a variety of items within 30 days of receipt of shipment. You will find the applicable conditions on this page. Note: We will issue the refund, for a product shipped by Amazon, once the return is processed within 14 days and confirm it with an automated e-mail. You can see the refund in your bank account or credit card statement, in maximum 7 days after the refund is issued. In certain circumstances refund timeframes might be longer. For more information check our Returns Help Page.
General: be longer. For more information check our Returns Help Page.
statutory: This in no way restricts your statutory right of withdrawal. You will find the details of your statutory right of withdrawal in item 3 of our Conditions of Sale. Information on your right of withdrawal for Marketplace Sellers can be found in their Returns Policy. In particular, please note that if you exercise your right of withdrawal, you will be responsible for any diminished value of a returned item resulting from your handling of it (other than that necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the item). In this case, we may reduce your refund to reflect the
statutory: this case, we may reduce your refund to reflect the diminished value of the goods. If the goods are significantly damaged as a result of your handling of them, you may not be entitled to a refund for them.
conditions of items: Note: Please note that you must return each item in the same condition in which you received it. This means that new items must be returned new, unused and complete. Used items must not have any additional signs of use or damage. You may be liable if the value of any returned item has been diminished due to your handling of it (other than what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics, and proper functioning of the item). Therefore, if you do not return items in the same condition in which you received them in, Amazon reserves the right to
conditions of items: which you received them in, Amazon reserves the right to reject the return or deduct a portion of the original purchase price from your refund to cover the diminished value.
Products covered by our Returns Guarantee: Our Returns Guarantee applies to items in the following categories: Sports, Lawn & Outdoors, Home, Garden & DIY, Homeware & Furniture, Health & Personal Care, Beauty, Grocery, Baby, Beer, Wine & Spirits, Luxury Stores, Pet Products, Apparel, Shoes & Watches, Luggage & Travel Gear, Jewelry Industrial [& Scientific] and Amazon Devices. Under this Returns Guarantee, you have 30 days from the receipt of the item to submit your return request.
Exclusions from our Returns Guarantee:: Product categories excluded: Our Returns Guarantee does not apply to items in the following categories: Camera, Electronics, PC, Wireless, Office Products, Music, Video / DVD, Software, Video Games, Home Entertainment, Books, Toys, Video, Tools & Home Improvement, Software, Kitchen, Automotive, Major Appliances, and Personal Care Appliances categories. You may still be entitled to return these items in accordance with your statutory right of withdrawal within 14 days or if they are defective, damaged or incorrect. You can verify the applicable return window on the detail page of the product, at the moment you purchase the article.
Exclusions from our Returns Guarantee:: the moment you purchase the article.
Other Exclusions:: In addition, the same exclusions apply to our Returns Guarantee as for the right of withdrawal. The following products thus cannot be returned under the Returns Guarantee (unless defective): Products that are not suitable for return for reasons of health protection or hygiene and whose sealing was removed after delivery or due to their nature have been inseparably mixed with other products after delivery Audio or video recordings or computer software in sealed packaging, if the sealing was removed after delivery Products manufactured to customer specifications or tailored specifically to personal needs, especially including personalized Amazon Handmade items Products that
Other Exclusions:: personal needs, especially including personalized Amazon Handmade items Products that may quickly spoil or whose expiration date would be quickly exceeded Services, if the supplier has provided them in full Newspapers, magazines or illustrated publications, except for subscription contracts Alcoholic beverages whose price was agreed at conclusion of the purchase contract but which may be delivered after 30 days and whose current value depends on market fluctuations over which that the Seller has no influence Where an eBook has been partially read or in cases of abuse, refunds may be denied.
Other Exclusions:: denied.
Returns Costs & Methods: Amazon will refund the cost of sending an item back to us (or provide you with a pre-paid returns label at no cost to you) if it was sold or dispatched by Amazon and you were informed that the item was eligible for Free Return at the time of purchase. If you were not informed that an item was eligible for Free Return at the time of purchase, you will be responsible for the cost of returning it to us. In many cases, we'll provide you with a pre-paid returns label. If an item you purchased was sold or shipped
Returns Costs & Methods: label. If an item you purchased was sold or shipped by Amazon, is not eligible for Free Return, and you use a pre-paid returns label to return it, we'll deduct the cost of the return from your refund (unless the item is defective, damaged or incorrect, or was delivered late, see below for more details). The exact cost is displayed in the Returns Support Centre for each return method and may have been displayed to you when you placed your order. Unless an exact return cost was displayed at the time of purchase, please note that returns that contain multiple
Returns Costs & Methods: time of purchase, please note that returns that contain multiple items, or large items, may cost more. We offer various returns methods which will differ depending on the item(s) you're returning. You may be able to return items in the following ways: Using drop-off services at locations that are convenient for you. Using Heavy-Bulky return options, handled by a specialty carrier team. Using a scanned QR code at designated return locations to make label-free and package-free returns. To see which options are available for your return, follow the returns process which you can access by visiting Your Orders. If you
Returns Costs & Methods: which you can access by visiting Your Orders. If you use an Amazon pre-paid returns label to return: a defective, damaged or incorrect item to us for a refund in accordance with your legal rights, or an item which was delivered after its estimated or guaranteed delivery date, we will not deduct the cost of the return from your refund, even if the item is not eligible for Free Return. Please also note that if you ask to return a defective, damaged or incorrect product after 30 days of delivery, you won't be able to create a returns label using
Returns Costs & Methods: you won't be able to create a returns label using our Returns Support Centre. Instead, please Contact Us for assistance. For details, visit Defective Goods - Your Consumer Rights. You may also wish to visit the manufacturer's website or contact them directly as they may be able to offer troubleshooting and support with the issue you have with the product. Please see Get Product Support.
Mistaken Returns: Please ensure you enclose the correct and complete item when making a return. The correct item must be returned to receive a refund. If you have accidentally sent the wrong item to Amazon, please contact Customer Service as soon as possible as Amazon does not store mistakenly sent items. Amazon cannot guarantee your item will be found and returned, and no compensation is provided for incorrect items sent to Amazon.
Removal of personal data: When returning a product for any reason, you must do so in the exact conditions you received it from Amazon. In this respect you must entirely delete, remove and eliminate all personal data pertaining to you and / or any third party which may be possibly present in same item, and must de-latch any account possibly latched to same item. You will be fully responsible for any data breach that may occur if you fail to do so. You must remove from the returned product and from the box containing the returned product any item not pertaining to the returned
Removal of personal data: the returned product any item not pertaining to the returned product as originally received from Amazon. Amazon will not be responsible for any such items erroneously left by you within the returned product or within the box containing the returned product. You agree and accept that the returned product will become Amazon’s property, and that Amazon is therefore entitled to sell it to third parties at Amazon’s full discretion. Note: Amazon may sell certain products in unsealed boxes (e.g., for HTC and Huawei), as this is how we receive them. When returning these products to Amazon, you must send them
Removal of personal data: When returning these products to Amazon, you must send them in the same condition as received by you, without affixing any seal, otherwise you may be held liable for any data breach or other adverse consequences.
Brand labels, guarantee cards, certificates, stickers, special packaging : Brand labels, guarantee cards, certificates (e.g., of authenticity, hardness, and estimated value) and stickers must be left on or together with the product if you wish to return it. These products, as well as custom manufactured products (especially Amazon Handmade items), must also be returned in their original packaging.
Clothing, shoes, handbags, jewelry and watches: Unless otherwise stated at the time of purchase, Amazon.de and Marketplace Sellers offer free returns for selected items from the clothing, shoes, handbags, jewelry and watches departments, irrespective of their original price. Made-on-demand Collection items from The Drop, that are not defective, damaged or incorrect, are not eligible for free returns. See our help page about Returns on Fashion Items for more information. You may of course try on these items, but please do so in the same way as in a shop. For example, do not try on footwear outdoors.
Clothing, shoes, handbags, jewelry and watches: outdoors.
Hazardous goods: All products that contain flammable, pressurized, corrosive, environmentally hazardous or otherwise hazardous chemicals must also be labeled as hazardous goods when returned, so that the relevant shipping services and our logistics centers can recognize and handle this shipment appropriately. If you have filled a product with flammable liquids or gases for operation purposes, make sure that you remove these from the product before returning it (for example, the gas cylinder from the camping cooker). In particular, items such as cutting tools and axes should only be returned in safety material, preferably using Amazon's packaging. You will find more detailed information
Hazardous goods: preferably using Amazon's packaging. You will find more detailed information on our help page Returning Hazardous Goods.
SIM contract purchased with device: You have the right to revoke your contract and return your device within 30 days without giving any reason. After a corresponding declaration, the Vodafone SIM contract you purchased with the device will be cancelled as soon as we receive the device from you. Vodafone will send you a confirmation once the SIM contract is cancelled. If you have any questions about the SIM contract cancellation, please contact Vodafone customer service via 0800/172 12 12. Please note that it is not possible to cancel the SIM contract or purchase of the device individually, but only cancel both - SIM contract
SIM contract purchased with device: the device individually, but only cancel both - SIM contract and smartphone order - within 30 days.
Heavy bulky items*: Heavy and Bulky Items are items that weigh 31.5 kg or more, or the longest side (when packed) exceeds 175 cm. When returning Heavy and Bulky items their return requires an appointment for a home collection by a specialty carrier team. If you purchased the item from a Marketplace Seller, please visit Returning Heavy and Bulky Marketplace Items. To find out whether the item you want to return needs to be collected, please use our Returns Support Center. If the item you have received is damaged, defective or incorrect within 30 days of delivery, you may be entitled to a
Heavy bulky items*: 30 days of delivery, you may be entitled to a refund. If so, please visit our help page to Organise a Return Collection. After 30 days of delivery, you may be entitled to a repair, replacement or refund. If you are eligible, you can arrange for the return to be collected free of charge. Visit About Warranty Repairs. To contact the manufacturer for assistance, visit Get Product Support. For other reasons of return, we may deduct a home collection fee of €50 from your refund.
Household textiles: Items must be returned in their original condition. In the case of household textiles such as pillows and bedcovers, you obviously need to try them out to check their warmth, height, etc. Please note, however, that you may only try these out in the same way as in a shop, which means, for example, for bedcovers, that may only place them across your legs for a short time. Please note that, for hygiene reasons, textiles that come in contact with the skin, such as bed linen, fitted sheets and towels, cannot be returned if used.
Household textiles: cannot be returned if used.
High-value watches and jewelry (special collection service)*: In the case of high-value watches and jewelry, you must use a special collection service for return shipping to Amazon is required as part of our voluntary Returns Guarantee. We would also ask you to use this collection service if you exercise your statutory right of withdrawal, although in this case, such use is not obligatory. Returns are insured and can be traced. This collection service is free unless otherwise stated at the time of purchase. Please only use the shipping bag and the return documents you received with the high-value product. If you do not have these to hand,
High-value watches and jewelry (special collection service)*: high-value product. If you do not have these to hand, please contact our Customer Service for a shipping bag and the appropriate return documents. Place the item and the completed documents in the shipping bag supplied. Seal the bag with the security seal provided. Notify us of the return by contacting the Returns Support Center. Based on your order data, our system will identify a high-value item return and you will also receive the necessary information for returns in the Returns Support Center. Collections take place Monday to Friday within a 2-hour window chosen by you. You can decide on
High-value watches and jewelry (special collection service)*: a 2-hour window chosen by you. You can decide on this window in the Returns Support Center. Our Customer Service will contact you to confirm the date or to suggest an alternative. The item will be collected by DHL. Please note that returns cannot be made at a Deutsche Post DHL branch or by any other means. We will refund you or arrange for you to receive a replacement within 14 days after you notify us of the return.
Fuel-powered equipment*: Because of the particular nature of fuel-powered equipment, such as lawn mowers or chainsaws, a special return process is required using our return and repair service for fuel-powered equipment. To return your device or to have it repaired, please select here [external link] the required process and enter your data to arrange a return or a repair. Our Return and Repair Service for Fuel-driven Equipment [external link] will then organize the collection and further processing of the return or complaint. Before collection, remove any remaining fuel or other liquids, such as oil, from the equipment. Important: This only applies to
Fuel-powered equipment*: as oil, from the equipment. Important: This only applies to items dispatched by Amazon and not by a Marketplace Seller on our website.
Food and drink*: Because of its nature, some food and drink shipped by Amazon cannot be returned using the Returns Support Center. In such cases you can get help with the return by contacting our Customer Service.
Amazon Handmade: Products sold by Handmade Makers are subject to the standard A-to-z Guarantee policies for Amazon. The exception to this are items that are purchased with optional customization options, other than size and color. See Customised Products for additional details.
Amazon Haul: As well as your statutory cancellation rights described above, all Amazon Haul items can be returned with no returns costs if the return is requested within 15 days of delivery, and the items are in new, unused, and unaltered condition. Returns must be initiated through our Returns Support Center and should be packaged separately from other Amazon orders. For incorrect, defective, or damaged items, you'll be refunded for original delivery costs, as well as any Import Charges for the returned item(s), once your return is processed. For Amazon Haul items, you'll be offered the same local return methods as described
Amazon Haul: you'll be offered the same local return methods as described in this help page. For more information about Amazon Haul, visit our Amazon Haul page and Amazon Haul Terms and Conditions.
Customised Products: Customised products include any products that are configured, personalized, or inscribed; for example, , engravings, stamps, monograms, embroidery, embossing, etching, carving, or printing. Custom products are not returnable but may be refunded or replaced within 30 days of delivery if the products are damaged / defective upon arrival, or materially different from what was ordered. If there is a misspelling or error in the configuration, inscription, or design due to a mistake by the third-party Seller, you are protected per the Amazon A-to-z Guarantee.
Luxury Stores: The following guidelines apply to all return-eligible Luxury Stores products, and returns that fail to adhere to these guidelines may be rejected. Luxury Stores gladly accepts returns on all eligible items within 30 days of delivery and (unless otherwise stated at the time of purchase) offers free return shipping. Luxury Stores orders can be purchased on Amazon.co.uk, Amazon.de, Amazon.fr, Amazon.it or Amazon.es. Selected Luxury Stores items can be shipped to, and returned from, addresses in the EU and UK. If the item you'd like to purchase is not eligible for delivery outside of Germany, a delivery restriction message will be
Luxury Stores: delivery outside of Germany, a delivery restriction message will be displayed at the checkout asking you to select a different address instead. Beauty products made of hazardous materials, including flammable liquids or gases, are not returnable to Amazon. These products will not display a "free returns" message on the product detail page. Luxury Stores products must be returned in a new (where applicable), unused, and unaltered condition. This includes any attached tags (product tags and security tags), and where applicable, hygiene seals and related accessories. Accessories include but are not limited to; duster bags, garment bags, removable accessories or attachments,
Luxury Stores: limited to; duster bags, garment bags, removable accessories or attachments, spare parts. Shoes: When trying on shoes, stand on a carpeted surface to protect the soles. The shoebox forms part of the product and should remain intact by placing it in an outer shipping container when sending back to us, otherwise it will not be accepted. Lingerie & Swimwear: Briefs, swimsuits and bikini bottoms should be tried on over underwear, without removing the protective adhesive strip. Bags: Please handle light-colored bags and accessories carefully if you are still deciding whether you will be keeping the item. Please note that dark
Luxury Stores: you will be keeping the item. Please note that dark items of clothing can transfer dye to light-colored items. Product packaging and documentation should also be returned with Luxury Stores products. This includes the brand packaging (provided by the luxury brand directly, different from the Luxury Stores packaging). Additionally, products should be returned in any original protective packaging to prevent damage during return shipping. For product documentation, this includes any certificates of authenticity, warranty cards. Items must be returned using the return label we provide. In rare cases where a return label is not provided, then please contact the Luxury
Luxury Stores: return label is not provided, then please contact the Luxury Stores Customer Service. We may monitor customer return activity and take appropriate action (including but not limited to denial of refund) if account abuse and / or activity in violation of our return policy is detected. If we receive a return of an item different from the item purchased, we may delay the refund to allow time for proper review or dispose of the item without compensation.
AutoRip music*: When you buy a CD or record from Amazon that supports AutoRip, we will add the corresponding MP3 version to your music library free of charge If you return or cancel an album that supports AutoRip and you have already downloaded one or more songs from the MP3 version of this album from the music library's MP3 version (or have activated the "Auto Download" feature, automatically downloading titles from the MP3 version of the album) this counts as the purchase of the MP3 version of the album from the music downloads shop (sold by Amazon Media EU S.a.r.l.) and we
AutoRip music*: downloads shop (sold by Amazon Media EU S.a.r.l.) and we will debit the price of the MP3 version of the album using your payment at the time of the cancellation or return. (This amount is non-refundable and may be higher than the price of the physical version of the album). If you cancel or return your order and do not download titles from the MP3 version from your music library, we will remove the titles from your music library and you won't be charged for them. You will find more information at About AutoRip und in den Conditions for Using
AutoRip music*: information at About AutoRip und in den Conditions for Using AutoRip.
Amazon Global Store Items: A variety of Amazon Global Store items can be returned within 30 days of delivery. You can verify the applicable return window on the detail page of the product, at the moment you purchase the article. Please use the online Returns Support Center. We will issue a refund within a maximum of 14 days and confirm it with an automated e-mail. You can see the refund in your bank account or credit card statement, within a maximum of 7 business days after the refund is issued. In certain circumstances refund time-frames may be longer. For incorrect, defective, or damaged items,
Amazon Global Store Items: time-frames may be longer. For incorrect, defective, or damaged items, you’ll be refunded for original delivery costs, as well any Import Fees Deposit(s) for the returned item(s), once your return is processed. See Return Costs & Methods for information about the cost of returning Global Store items or Self-Ship Guidance for International Returns for further help with self-ship returns. For more information please see the Amazon Global Store Terms & Conditions.
Amazon.de Gift Cards: Amazon.de Gift Cards are non-returnable items. However, a cancellation of Gift Card orders can be performed by our Customer Service, if the GC has not yet been redeemed.
